 1.13 Differences Between Old HTML and HTML5
The following differences address the issue of existing web pages that don’t match XHTML
1.0’s strict syntax. More specifically, the following differences show how HTML5 has loosened up some of its syntax rules as compared to XHTML 1.0:
▸▸ With HTML5, there’s no longer a requirement to have a quoted value for every attribute. So for some HTML5 attributes, it’s legal to include an 
attribute by itself, without an equals sign or value attached to it. However, standard coding conventions suggest always including the quotation marks.
▸▸ With HTML5, there’s no longer a requirement to have a / for all void elements. For example, the XHTML specification requires writing the br void 
element with a slash,<br/>. The HTML5 specification says you can include or omit the slash. Standard coding conventions suggest always omitting the /.
▸▸ With HTML5, there’s no longer a requirement to have an end tag for every container. The XHTML specification requires including a </p> 
end tag for every p container element. The HTML5 specification says you can include or omit the end tag. Standard
coding conventions suggest always including the end tag.
Old versions of HTML (including XHTML 1.0) include some elements that are deemed outdated. In particular, elements whose purpose is to 
provide formatting are deemed outdated. This is because formatting is supposed to be taken care of by CSS, not HTML elements. 
To clean things up, such outdated elements are not a part of the HTML5 standard. For example, the <font> 
The HTML5 standard includes quite a few new constructs. The following list shows just some
of them:
▸▸ Structural organization elements—Two examples are the header and footer elements.
▸▸ Audio and video—The audio and video elements allow users to play music and video files directly from their browsers without the need of
 a plug-in.
 ▸▸ Canvas—The canvas element provides a drawing area and a set of commands that a web programmer can use to draw two-dimensional shapes and 
 animate them.
 ▸▸ Drag and drop functionality—The drag and drop constructs provide the ability to drag elements within a web page.
 
