1.1 Introduction note
* The Web is a collection of documents, called web pages.
* the web page’s text, pictures, text boxes, and buttons. Also note the web page’s address 
shown in the figure’s address bar.
* The web page address is the location where the web page resides on the Internet.
       what is it?
   It’s a collection of several billion computers connected throughout the world. 
Each web page is stored on one of those computers.
     Creating a Website
A website is a group of web pages under a website name that is available publicly on the internet.and website 
is a collection of related web pages that are normally stored on a single web server computer.
A web server is a computer system that enables users to access web pages stored on the web server’s computer.
         To create a website, you’ll need these 4 things
The first ones is a text editor:Text editors are the programs which allow editing in a written text
Examples of text editor 1 Microsoft’s Notepad
                         2 vs code
                          3 atom
2 an upload/publishing tool: After you enter your web page text on your local computer with your favorite IDE,
 you’ll probably want to publish it.
 Some IDEs, like Dreamweaver, provide built-in uploading capabilities, but other IDEs, 
 like Visual Studio, do not. There are lots of file upload tools.

3 a web hosting service:Web hosting is a service that allows organizations and individuals to post a website
 or web page onto the Internet. For a file upload tool such as WinSCP to work, you need to have a web server 
 computer on which to store the uploaded files.
The web developer usually doesn’t have to worry about the web hosting service software. If the web developer
 is part of a medium- to large-sized organization, then the organization’s information technology (IT)

4 browser: The web developer usually doesn’t have to worry about the web hosting service software. 
If the web developer is part of a medium- to large-sized organization, then the organization’s information 
technology (IT)
Examples of browser Google Chrome
                    Microsoft’s browsers (Microsoft Edge and Internet Explorer), and Mozilla2 Firefox,